368
2 is always smaller than 3, even for large values of 2.
2 lacks generality in a way that 1 doesn't.
355/113 -- not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible simulation.
A578 Your FLP overflows into your KBUF.
A bad workman quarrels with his tools.
A big fish is caught with tiny marshmallows.
A big rock has to be chipped away.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
Absinthe makes the heart grow fonder.
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are worthless.
A chicken is just an egg's way of making more eggs.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A couch is as good as a chair.
A courteous climber does not drop things, including himself, on fellow climbers.
A cow must graze where she is tied, or chew the rope off.
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
A day without sunshine is like night.
A fool and his money stabilize the economy.
Again, and strongly, undress the sheep.  It is getting to visitors.
A game, a teaching aid, a sport, and a piece of art.  -Erno Rubik
A gentleman is one who is never rude unintentionally.  -Noel Coward
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
<aiju> i only use high quality organic libraries from local farmers
A king's castle is his home.
All syllogisms have three parts; therefore this is not a syllogism.
All that does not glitter is not not-gold.
All the great men are dead and I'm not feeling too well myself.
All you need to know is in the manual.
A man must destroy himself before others can destroy him.  -Mong Tse
A megabyte here, a megabyte there, and pretty soon you're talking real power.
A megaflop is a failure of gigantic proportions.
An airplane is in your future.
And malt does more than Milton can/to justify God's ways to man -A.E.  Housman
...and on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.
And so to bed.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
Any small object that is accidentally dropped will hide under a larger object.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A resort area will be part of your next holiday plans
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
A rose by any other name would still have thorns.
Art is merely cheese made visible.
As above, so below.
A sharp tongue is the only edge tool that grows keener with constant use.  -W. Irving
A short stranger will soon enter your life.
A stitch in time keeps your tu-tu from becoming a four-four.
A strange event will change your idea of a good time.
Attend winter sheep meetings.  Learning never ends!
A u.f.o.  closely encountered is no longer a u.f.o.
Automating a mess yields an automated mess.  -Michael Hammer
Avoid a hasty decision.
Avoid reality at all costs.
A watched terminal never prints.
A wise man never tries to warm himself in front of a painting of a fire.
A witty saying means nothing.  -Voltaire
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
Beauty is silent yet it speaks to us.
Becoming an overnight success usually takes years.
Before physical activity warm up gradually.
Between the idea and the reality, between the motion and the act falls the shadow.
Beware -- local customs vary.  Check with a native before going into the jungle.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Bicycle with the traffic flow.
Blue comes from Indigo, but is bluer than Indigo.
Buckle up even on short auto trips.
Bursting With So Much Language Support It Hurts!
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
By the pricking of my thumbs,/Something wicked this way comes.
California is a fine place to live if you happen to be an orange.  - Fred Allen
Carry a medical information card.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.
chess tonight
Deep down, we all need that escape velocity.  -Steven Spielberg.
Do not be distracted by meaningless messages.
Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out if it alive.
Don't carry a lantern in moonlight.
Don't eat a large meal before driving.
Don't get shipwrecked as you enter port.
Don't judge the tree 'til you see the fruit.
Don't lend your axe to get your own trees felled.
Don't let anyone cramp your style.
Don't put a loaded rifle on the stage unless someone intends to fire it.
Don't scratch your shoe when your foot itches.
Don't take a gilded sword to cut a radish.
Don't type so hard.
Don't watch a bonfire in a straw coat.
Don't worry if it doesn't work right; if everything did, you'd be out of a job.
Drive defensively, buy a tank.
Either I've been missing something, or nothing has been going on.
Even a cup of tea helps hunger for a bit.
Even the prettiest shoe makes a sorry hat.
Every joke is a tiny revolution -- George Orwell
Expect change, refresh your browser often.
Fear not, the end of the world isn't until next week.
Feminism means gender should not be a source of persecution or a restriction of your choices.
Few forgive without a fuss.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Flee at once, all is discovered.
Fortunate are they who can laugh at themselves; they will never want for amusement.
Frankly, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Get help when lifting heavy objects.
Get out of the forest while you still have daylight.
Good day to do the unexpected: write some documentation.
Good medicine has often a bitter smack.
Good news: that gum you like is going to come back into style.
Good passing rule: when in doubt, don't.
Great shot, kid.  That was one in a million.
Here is the forecast: tomorrow will be muggy, followed by Tuegy, Weggy, Thurgy and Frigy.
He who keeps his nose to the grindstone, has a flat face.
He who lives by the nit dies by the pick.
He who mixes dye takes on its color.
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
Hidden and silent worms riddle the wood.
Hindsight is an exact science.
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
Hi, this is Ken.  What's the root password?
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
Homemade bean-paste is hot.
HONK IF YOU'RE ENTHUSIASTIC
Hop before you skip.
Hypothesize and test.
I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.
I dinna believe she'll hold up much longer, Captin.
I don't think so, therefore I'm probably not.  --Alan Smithee
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If at first you don't succeed, sky-diving is not for you.
If at first you succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
If a thousand people say a foolish thing, it remains a foolish thing.
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
If it happens, it must be possible.
If it's boring, turn it off.
If it's not worth doing, it's not worth doing well.
If it's worth doing well, it's worth doing.
If it were dangerous they would post a sign...
If more is better then too much is just enough.
If nothing is pressing, putter around at this or that.
If the shoe fits, buy the other one, too.
If you are asleep you can't eat dumplings.
If you believe everything you read better not read.
If you carry treasure don't travel at night.
If you climb up a tree you must climb down the same tree, unless you are a flying squirrel.
If you discover that you are riding a dead horse, dismount.
If you don't insist on correct answers, I can make it run as fast as you want.
If you get this, delete it.  - Sorry!  -- Tim Berners-Lee, www-talk, Mon, 28 Oct 91 14:34:12 GMT+0100
If you grab the bull by the horns, feathers will fly.
If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?
If you start now you might finish on time.
If you take the last cup, make a new pot.
If you want to go somewhere, goto is the best way to get there.  K Thompson
If you want to have clean ideas, change them like shirts.
I hate nostalgia.  I hated it then and I hate it now.
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
I love you.
I'm doing it very slowly, so results will be as soon as possible...
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I'm so hip I have difficulty seeing over my pelvis.
I'm still confusing.
In days of yore, the crab and the crayfish lived in the forest.
In practice, nothing works.  -- Brad Fitzpatrick
In science, we give our highest award to people that prove us wrong.  -- Michael Goudeau
In the mountains we forget to count the days.
I regard an original error as better than a borrowed truth.  -Merton.
I see only darkness in the crystal ball
`is false when preceded by its quotation' is false when preceded by its quotation.
`is not a sentence' is not a sentence.
Is the tool broadly supported or maintained?
I think my spaceship knows which way to go.
I think that I shall never see a billboard as lovely as a tree.  -Ogden Nash
It rained so hard the axle washed away.
It's 5 o'clock.  Do you know where your files are?
It's clear that buzzwording is a factor.
It's clever, but is it art?
It's earlier than you think.
It's later than you think.
It works better if you plug it in.
It would be wise to cut expectations in half.
I wonder what will happen if I touch these two wires together.
I wouldn't take any advice, if I were you.
Keep flammables away from space heaters.
Keep stairways clear of clutter.
Kindness: not for others but for ourselves.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Life is a giant shell and we're just processes.
Long computations which yield 0 (zero) are probably all for naught.
Look on my works, oh ye mighty, and giggle.
Love, and do what thou wilt.
Love kept covered bursts out somehow.
Lucky Numbers 12, 14, 19, 24, 36, 43
Make a list of all the facts you know about the universe.
Man cannot live by bread alone; he needs a little peanut butter on it.
Maybe a git branch can help here?
May I have a large container of coffee?
<ment> respect my certficate authoritah!
mewing cats catch no rats.
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
Music is the can opener of the soul.  -Henry Miller
Never eat anything bigger than your head.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
No mistake is too small to be fixed, but first make sure it's a mistake.
Nuclear war doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.
Oh, so there you are!
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
Once uttered words run faster than horses.
One bad apple can ruin a snake.
[#OpenBSD] Carefully explaining your problem is half the solution.
Open your umbrella before you get wet.
Others are others; I am I.
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
People who deal with bits should expect to get bitten.  -Jon Bentley
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Please select an Aardvark
programs are mostly bugs wrapped in some user interface -- cinap_lenrek
Proper planning includes admitting that your plan may not work.
Put a smoke detector in your vacation cottage.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Rest frequently while shoveling snow.
Restrain your octopus!  The canoes are going fishing tomorrow.
Ring the bell; close the book; quench the candle.
Run after two hares and catch none.
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Set aside next day's lunch while you're at supper.
Share your happiness with others today.
Simon says, ``Don't be so suggestible.''
Snow on my own umbrella can be borne.
Some pots have lids that fit; some do not.
Sooner or later you act out what you really think.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
SQUASH, do not crush (seen on a vegetable crate)
Stare at the thumbnails closely to view larger images.
Start off the day with a nourishing meal.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
Stop searching.  Happiness is right next to you.
Take your car in for a tune-up.
technology doesn't solve human communiction problems.  -- Erik Quanstrom
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book.  I'll waste no time reading it.  -Moses Hadas
The addition is correct, but where is the money?
The answer you seek is in an envelope.
The better your 4-wheel drive, the further out you get stuck.
The crow that apes the cormorant gets drowned.
The days of the digital watch are numbered.  -Tom Stoppard
The decision doesn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
The defeated ones become the rebels.
The first step in fixing something is getting it to break.
The fit between the world and the human symbols describing it is never perfect.
The fortune-teller never knows his own.
The fruits of impatience are bitter.
The future isn't what it used to be.  -Arthur C. Clarke
The Internet is still a fascination to me.
The judge's jokes are always funny.
The naked man never mislays his wallet.
The only one who got everything done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
The opposite side has its opposite side.
There are two rules for success in life.  Rule 1: Don't tell people everything you know.
There is no gift like the present.
There is no present like time.
There's always one more bug.
There's a time and a place for spontaneity.
There was a phone call for you.
The solution is to increase the size of the manuals.  - Mark V. Shaney
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
The source of the money is legal and authoritative.
The stapler runs out of staples only while you are trying to staple something.
The tide of change approaches.
`The time has come,' the Walrus said, `to talk of many things...'
The time is right to make new friends.
The world ended yesterday-why are you still here?
The world is dark even half an inch ahead.
This time for sure!
Time flies like an arrow but fruit flies like a banana.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
Time wounds all heels.
'Tis a gross error, held in schools, That Fortune always favours fools.  - John Gay.
'Tis nobler in the mind to Look Things Up than to Pull Them Out Of The Air.
To give ground is sometimes the best victory.
To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
To live long, keep a cool head, warm feet.
tomorrow is going to be the day everything changes
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Truth will be out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)
Try a new system or a different approach.
Two wrongs don't make a right; three lefts do.
Verb is not a verb, unless it's verbed.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
Victims of the same disease have much to talk about.
Wasting time is an important part of living.
Watch out for quantum ducks: Quark!  Quark!
We aim to please, but our aim is bad.
We don't know half of what we know.
What do software pirates say?  CD-Arrrrrrr!
What good is someone who can walk on water if you can't follow in his footsteps?
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When all is said and done, a lot more is said than done.
When a musk ox goes faster than an amble, he has formed an intention.
When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles; scream and shout.
When the dragon fights the tiger both get hurt.
When the going gets tough, the tough hold meetings.
When the map and the terrain disagree, trust the terrain.  -Swiss army aphorism
When time permits, your personal life will be exciting.
When you are over the hill, you pick up speed.
Who comes earliest leads the way.
Why do they have this marked "Danger, do not touch"?
Why is it called a stream I/O system when the data flows both ways?
Wise men do not blame others; but themselves.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.  -C.N.  Parkinson
"x.c", line 1: cannot recover from earlier errors: goodbye!
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
You are original and creative.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
You can tell a man by the company that keeps him.
You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME
You can't have everything -- where would you put it?
You can't ladle out the sea with a shell.
You can't sip soup with a knife.
You can work in dirt and lead a clean life.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You don't always get to pick the standard.
You had mail.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have important hair.
You have mail.
You have snails.
You know, you never know.
You'll just have to sleep faster tonight.
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
You might have mail.
You never know what you don't know, you know?
Your best dreams may not come true; but then neither will your worst dreams.
Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please reauthorize.
Your editor doesn't always know best.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive
Your empty file directory has been deleted.
You're only young once, but you can always be immature.
Your intuition is excellent but another viewpoint could be helpful.
Your login has been changed.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Your opponent wouldn't fight if he didn't think he had a chance.
Your password is pitifully obvious.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Your theory is crazy, but not crazy enough to be true.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.
You will attend a party where strange customs prevail.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will make a small sum by investing in a business project.
You will make a small sum disappear by investing in a business project.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
You win some, you lose some, and some go into extra innings.
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.
